📝 Quick documentation for new discussion features (#202)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/repositories-pull-requests-discussions.md

<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/discussions-view-dark.png"/>
</div>

> ## Editing a disucssion / pull request title

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Editing a Discussion / Pull request title
```

> If you opened a PR or discussion, or are the author of the repository, you can edit the discussion title by clicking on the pencil button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you opened a PR or discussion, or are the author of the repository (or otherwise have write access to it), you can edit the discussion title by clicking on the pencil button.
```

> If you opened a PR or discussion, or are the author of the repository (or otherwise have write access to it), you can edit the discussion title by clicking on the pencil button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you opened a PR or discussion, are the author of the repository, or have write access to it, you can edit the discussion title by clicking on the pencil button.
```

<div class="flex justify-center">
<img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/discussions-edit-title.png"/>
<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/discussions-edit-title-dark.png"/>
</div>

## Comment edition and moderation

> If you wrote a comment or are the author of the repository, You can edit the content of the comment from the contextual menu in the top-right corner of the comment box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you wrote a comment or have write access to the repository, you can edit the content of the comment from the contextual menu in the top-right corner of the comment box.
```

<div class="flex justify-center">
<img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/discussions-comment-menu.png"/>
<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/discussions-comment-menu-dark.png"/>
</div>

<div class="flex justify-center">
<img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/discussions-comment-menu-edit.png"/>
<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/discussions-comment-menu-edit-dark.png"/>
</div>

> You can also hide that comment. Hiding a comment is irreversible, and nobody will be able to see its content nor edit it anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also hide a comment. Hiding a comment is irreversible, and nobody will be able to see its content nor edit it anymore.
```
